README.md, before:

<h1 align="center">theebible text editor</h1> 
<br></br>
![badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-blue.svg)

<h2 align="center">Description</h2>

Theebible text editor is a PWA text editor that I had the task of completing the client side. 
## Table of Contents

- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Photos](#photos)
- [Credits](#credits)
- [License](#license)
- [Features](#features)
- [Contribute](#contribute)
- [Questions](#questions)

## Installation

steps required
you can install it locally from [https://young-hamlet-66459-379f7d32a2ae.herokuapp.com/] and clicking the install. additionally you can clone the repo and run (npm install)  and running (npm run start:dev) once the packeges are loaded. That will set up theebible to run locally at consoled PORT.

## Photos

<img src="assets/photos/.PNG" alt="screenshot" width="75%" height="75%">

## Usage

Can be used to store notes as is,  or refractored to another style.

## Credits

Thanks to [coding-boot-camp](https://github.com/coding-boot-camp/cautious-meme) for the starter code.

## License

refer to repo for licenses
license is a MIT license.

## Badges

![badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-blue.svg)

## Features
you can write notes or comments and have them saved locally, you can also download by clicking install

## Contribute
you can contribute by checking out the live site and testing it for yourself, you can  also fork the repository and add any suggestions.

## Questions

reach my git hub profile at [profile](https://github.com/DupeaJ).

<br></br>
If you have additional questions you can reach me at jacobdupea@gmail.com.

Commit message:

added banner and credits, added fonts

README.md, after:

<h1 align="center">theebible text editor</h1> 
<br></br>
![badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-blue.svg)

<h2 align="center">Description</h2>

Theebible text editor is a PWA text editor that I had the task of completing the client side. 
## Table of Contents

- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Photos](#photos)
- [Credits](#credits)
- [License](#license)
- [Features](#features)
- [Contribute](#contribute)
- [Questions](#questions)
![Screenshot](assets/photos/example.png "Screenshot")
## Installation

steps required,
you can install it locally from [https://young-hamlet-66459-379f7d32a2ae.herokuapp.com/] and clicking the install. additionally you can clone the repo and run (npm install)  and running (npm run start:dev) once the packeges are loaded. That will set up theebible to run locally at consoled PORT.

## Photos

<img src="assets/photos/.PNG" alt="screenshot" width="75%" height="75%">

## Usage

Can be used to store notes as is,  or refractored to another style.

## Credits

Thanks to [coding-boot-camp](https://github.com/coding-boot-camp/cautious-meme) for the starter code.
And [ascii-banners](https://manytools.org/hacker-tools/ascii-banner) for the banner text.

## License

refer to repo for licenses
license is a MIT license.

## Badges

![badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-blue.svg)

## Features
you can write notes or comments and have them saved locally, you can also download by clicking install

## Contribute
you can contribute by checking out the live site and testing it for yourself, you can  also fork the repository and add any suggestions.

## Questions

reach my git hub profile at [profile](https://github.com/DupeaJ).

<br></br>
If you have additional questions you can reach me at jacobdupea@gmail.com.
